(Shizuma) Now! New
Seven Ninja Swordsmen!
Right on this hallowed site,
we light the first fires of
revolution!
Stop, you bastards!
Boruto?!
You're here..? I told you not
to come.
(Shizuma) It's the Hokage's
son, and he's an even bigger
idiot than I expected.
Yeah. Cuz I'm an idiot.
Actually I came so I could
fight you.
Fight him? Please, no.
You heard him correctly.
Mizukage!
What the hell?
Yes, as Boruto just said, this
is a minor scuffle among some
rowdy kids.
And I merely happened to pass
by in time to break it up.
Shizuma, this is our chance
to finally take the Mizukage's
head.
Crimson Mist Barrier.
Get back!
Look out! [grunts]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[screams]
[gasps] Sarada?
[grunts]
Mr. Chojuro! What a sorry
state you're in!
[laughs]
Nobody's ever been able to
escape from this before.
The curse of my Long Sword
Nuibari, the Sewing Needle!
Hmph!
I'm going to smash your head
in right now!
Old Man Chojuro?
Hey! Shizuma! You listen
to me!
Stop playing dirty!
[scared breathing]
(Buntan Kurosaki) If anything
I wanted to be the one to
skewer the Hokage's kid.
Just my luck it's you instead.
Thunder Funeral Feast of
Lightning!
[gasps]
Oh. This might be a little fun
after all.
[heavy breathing]
[grunting]
Hmph!
[grunts] Hmph!
(Buntan) The Sharingan. I've
only heard rumors about it.
Who knew I'd get to experience
the real thing? Right here and
now.
There you are! [grunts]
[gasps]
Hmph. [gasps]
(Buntan) You missed!
(Sarada) [gasps]
[groans]
Damn, you're lucky!
What kind of stupid idiot
announces to his victim that
he's about to smash his head in?
Oh you're right.
[grunts]
[slurping]
(Hassaku) Stay outta my
way, Kyoho.
I, Hassaku Onomichi, will be
the one to show you how to
properly wield a sword.
Make sure you aim well.
Huh?
Striking a target that can't
move can be extremely
difficult.
[grunt]
Hassaku! Hurry up and split
him in half starting at the
top of his head!
There's nothing I'd like
better!
[grunts]
What?!
Hmm?
[grunts]
Didn't I just tell you, you
should make sure to aim well?
It's fine if this ends in a
draw.
But in the unlikely event you
fail to hit Chojuro...
it'll be the Explosive Blade,
Shibuki the Spatter's turn.
[heavy breathing]
I'll gouge out both of your
eyes...
with my Lightning Blade, Kiba
the Fang!
You want these Sharingan that
badly?
[gasps]
Uh! [grunts]
(Buntan) Whew, I've gotta watch
out for that genjutsu from that
nasty Sharingan.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[grunting]
My Kiba can also be used like
this!
[grunting]
[screams]
(Sarada) Water?
[grunting]
[gasps]
Hmm, you're really quite
tough.
But this time it's over. Ninja
Art: Snakehead.
[gasps]
(Buntan) You're really at a
disadvantage now.
I didn't realize that you were
so shy. Why don't you show
yourself?
(Buntan) [laughing]
Because I'm aware that another
feature of the Sharingan...
is the ability to read the hand
signs an opponent makes, and
then copy them.
As long as you don't see the
signs I make, I don't need to
be afraid of you.
Let them mourn you when you're
dead!
[gasps]
(Buntan) Oh, good job!
There!
[grunts]
Kagura! There you are!
(Kagura) Boruto.
Let's just go home.
We can apologize together.
You never should have shown up
here.
I warned you earlier.
(Boruto) Huh? What're you
talking about?
(kagura) It's already too late.
It's not too late. We can still
make it in time for roll call.
I warned you. Why did you
come?
You gave up your Hiramekarei!
You don't scare me anymore!
Like he could do anything
with that pitiful looking
sword anyway.
Besides, he's underestimating
our Mist Blades.
A sword is only as good as
the person who is wielding it.
Let me at him! [grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[grunting]
Die now!
We'll delight in killing you...
and we'll use your blood spray
as the beacon for the Blood
Mist's revival!
A revival of the Blood Mist
Village? Sounds more like a
childish revolution to me!
(Buntan) Revival, revolution,
call it whatever you want.
I'm happy as long as I can rage
to my heart's content with my
Lightning Blade, Kiba the Fang!
Oh, so you're worried about
the time, are you?
The only thing I'm thinking
about is taking care of you
guys...
so we can make it back in time
for roll call by ten o' clock!
And I'm gonna take you down by
nine.
All you Hidden Leaf are the
same, you're way too
optimistic!
(Buntan) Now, now. Watch where
you step!
[grunts]
[screams]
[gasps for breath]
[gasps]
[screaming]
Was that a clone?
I hate to admit that it was
Boruto's jutsu that just saved
me back there.
Anyway, not figuring out her
Lightning Style, puts me at a
grave disadvantage!
Why don't you just give up
now?
The Snakehead already knows
where you are.
There's nowhere to escape.
You'll die by the Lightning
Blade, Kiba the Fang. [laughing]
But before you die, let me
tell you about Kiba.
(Buntan) The original owner of
this sword was Raiga Kurosuki.
It was Naruto from your
village who fought with him,
and killed him.
He was my father, although
sadly, he was never aware of
my existence.
At this rate, it's definitely do
or die!
I found you!
Are you crazy?!
Lightning Style!
Lightning Ball!
Heh.
I've finally found you, Miss
Shy Girl.
(Both) Lighting Style!
Lightening Ball!
(Both) Thunder Funeral: Feast of
Lightning!
Is that all you've got?
Monkey see, monkey do?
You're one to talk! You're
getting all carried away with
that stolen sword of yours!
I earned this sword through
skill alone!
Not like your Sharingan you
got from your parents without
doing a single thing!
She's amplifying her chakra?
Kiba the Fang gives me all
the power that I need!
Ninja Art: Thunder Armor!
[gasps/grunts]
You Hidden Leaf brat!
If you're gonna hate, then
hate the weak village that
raised you!
(Mitsuki) So you think we can
save Boruto with this?
I don't know. I don't have all
the answers!
All I know is that I want that
bum Shizuma to lose for sure.
Got it.
I'll use this intel in the
most effective way possible.
Hurry up and take it to your
dear, sweet, Boruto then.
Isn't he your sun that shines
so bright?
I'll take it now.
Thanks so much, Suigetsu.
Well damn, you've finally
learned to say thank you.
Alright, what do you know?
[panting]
Oh, Kagura, nicely done. Your
grandfather would be proud.
Kagura, stop.
You don't have to do this.
We can go home now.
Well, you're still
alive? Alright.
I'll handle this.
Let me do it.
Excellent.
Kagura! Don't do it!
It's too bad.
Boruto.
[yelling]
Kagura!
[attacking scream]
[sighs]
[grunts]
You damn copycat!
You're so annoying! Going on
about a parent you don't even
know! It's pathetic!
Like you'd even understand!
Do you think you're the only
one who's ever suffered
because of a parent?
[grunts]
Hmph!
I'm more than happy to give
you a little taste of my
childhood!
[grunts]
Hmm?
(Young Buntan) Mommy!
I caught the moon! Come and
see!
[giggles]
[gasps]
Huh?
You're just like that
worthless man. Good for
nothing!
Heh I've got nothing to
lose. End of story.
Hmph.
[panting]
Looks like the fighting's
starting to wear on you, huh?
There you are! I'm going to
sew up your mouth!
[screams]
[panting]
That was a really close call.
Yes it was. Are you that
terrified of getting cut?
I can't imagine what kind of
stupid idiot would enjoy
getting cut up.
Without a doubt, getting cut
is painful.
However, unless you're
prepared for your flesh to be
cut...
you will never sever the
bone.
[grunts]
Stay away!
[grunting]
[shriek]
[groans]
It's futile to continue
fighting now!
Lay down your swords
immediately!
No way!
This blade, the Executioner's
Blade, is the only thing I have!
And I will never part with
it!
[grunting]
[grunts]
Ah!
[gasps]
[groans]
Still want to continue?
I'm sorry.
[sighs]
You actually put up a decent
fight.
It doesn't matter. There're
countless other ways.
(Ichirota) Besides, this is all
going according to the script.
Your life is mine. Prepare to
die, Lord Sixth.
[grunts]
Who are you?
All right!
That Boruto, always trying
to hog the spotlight.
There's no way I'll let him
steal my thunder!
Did you come here with all of
them too? Don't tell me
there's more!
I don't need them. I can
handle guys like you all by
myself!
Hah! You're just a
mere simpleton.
There's no need for me to
ruminate on it then.
Hmph!
I shall expel you! Hmph!
Quit using all those fancy
words, damn it!
Heh.
[grunts]
Hmph!
[groaning]
Now that's the way to
use a sword, Mr. Big Words!
I won't allow a fool like you to
get in the way of us executing
our impeccable plan!
[grunts] I leave the rest to
you, Shizuma!
[gasps]
What happened?
Are you all done being a copy
cat?
Don't think you can fool me.
The Sharingan uses up a
lot of chakra, doesn't it?
[gasps]
Huh?
Bubbles?
(Buntan) I found you!
Hmph!
Okay, it's about time to
bring this thing to a close.
[heavy breathing]
I thought you said you were
going to take me down by nine
o' clock.
Tick‐tock.
Tick‐tock...
Tick...tock.
(Buntan)
Tick‐tock...Tick‐tock...
Tick‐tock...
(Buntan) Tick‐tock...
[gasps]
[laughing]
(Buntan) That Sharingan...
will be mine!
[groaning]
You Hidden Leaf half‐pints! You
should've stayed at the Academy
and kept your heads down.
Genjutsu? Since when did you?!
(Sarada) You didn't notice? What
did you think this thick mist
was?
[gasps]
Ever since then?
Where are you?
(Sarada) Did you know that
running an electrical current...
above a fixed level in
water causes ionization?
W‐What?
Yes, the electrolysis of
water produces oxygen...
and hydrogen.
[gasps]
[coughing]
Good parent or bad, there
isn't a single one out there
who doesn't love their child.
At least that's what I
believe.
[yelling]
Kagura.
[yells]
Ah!
[grunts]
[panting]
Kagura.
What each of us saw growing up
is completely different.
[panting]
(Boruto) Why're you doing what
he wants you to do, anyway?
Didn't you say you're the only
one who can decide how to live
your life, Kagura?
(Kagura) Yeah, and that's what
I've decided.
No matter how hard I tried
to reject it or resist, I could
never escape from the shadow!
(Boruto) What happened to that
guy who played Shinobi Bout with
us?
(Kagura) Don't talk to me as if
you know me!
(Boruto) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: Boruto
and Kagura!
(Kagura) You would never
understand!